# 1652
is_city = no

base_tax = 3
base_manpower = 3
base_production = 3

owner = B77
controller = B77
add_core =  B77
culture = culture_sethekk
religion = religion_terokk

hre = no
trade_goods = warbeasts

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome



